Add onboarding guide and checklist (#6)
voiio/voiio.github.io: accounts.md

### Accounts

Please always make sure to turn on 2-Step Verification. It is mandatory.

#### Discord

> Discord is the main communication channel in our engineering team. please install discord on your machine and ask your team lead to give you the necessary permissions.

Reviewer: You could add a link to our discord, I believe there is a way to request access.

Author: Hmm, I didn't find it. Seems to me that an invitation link needs to be shared with the new person. 

But I don't feel like putting a non expiring  invitation link publicly.

#### GitHub
Please give your team lead your GitHub username. He or she will invite you to our organization or as a collaborator to a repository.

Make sure to add your name and any picture (does need to be you) to help your new teammates to identify you quicker.

#### Heroku

> We have Heroku Enterprise, please create an account on heroku and ask your team lead to give you the necessary permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Heroku Teams, please create an account on Heroku and ask your team lead to give you the necessary permissions.
```

We don't use enterprise ;)

Author: Hehe oh ok oops :)
